Update trusted-launch-faq.md (#120219)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/trusted-launch-faq.md

---

### How external communication drivers work with Trusted Launch VMs ?

> Adding COM ports require disabling of Secure Boot. Hence, COM ports are disabled by default in Trusted Launch VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding COM ports requires disabling Secure Boot. Hence, COM ports are disabled by default in Trusted Launch VMs.
```
